---
title: The Dataverse
topic: GPS
tags: Borderland
status: Open
brief: A virtual transitional space (borderland) that sits between The Enclave and the Suburban Isles, The Real and The Verdent. 
---

The Moonbase Records room opens to this enormous semi-empyric database that contains vast records and recordings within a virtual space patterned after our solar system. 

When the rainbow static clears from your vision you find yourself in an enormous room. The walls, the ceiling the floor, they are all made of transparent material, and through them you can see, with perfect clarity, the solar system stretching off into the distance, looking like a perfect virtual classroom sim. When you look down you can see the planet Earth, flickering with light. As you watch whole buildings rise out of a green virtual mist towering thousands of stories assembled by millions of robots and then are disassembled just as quickly. Whole areas, once populated in the distant past, are dark, flooded out with no power or Virtual running through them. As you watch, passing below you and glowing as a beacon even among other strong lights of neon-style Virtual green, is The Enclave, it's walls are clearly set, huge virtual constructs representing intense ongoing calculation and power use, but constructs flow out and over the edges, people working, protesting, playing, learning, stealing, and just generally living their lives in The Virtual. Etheric power wells up from the center of it all, an entirely different shade of green that just wells up from the center of The Enclave, the HC Spire which reaches so high that it almost touches you in orbit. From here you can see it is filled with lights, and fine strings that reach down and out all over The Enclave and the world. Two threads reach up to touch the representation of Saturn. As you watch red pulses pass through those lines of power and data and go off into the depths of The Enclave or out into the world, and atop the tower is an enormous glowing symbol, thick with red light it is a horned X, with zig-zagging lines underneath it, crossing over a central line that runs through the whole thing. You've seen it once before, tattooed on the arm of Farrah Price when you were briefly in the Spire. It slowly shifts rotating until the front of the symbol faces directly at you, then it turns away.

The rest of the room looks out at the rest of the solar system, all lined up perfectly before you and in perfect focus in a way impossible in The Real. Some pieces are obscured however, because set against the clear walls are bookshelves that stretch up into multiple stories worth of space. Each is wrought out of what looks like fine wood, but when you squint you can see it hundreds of thousands of lines of crawling code that might have once circulated in infinite loops but now stops and starts with sickly laggy jumps. Few books remain on the shelves and what ones do seem ragged and torn. Huge swaths of shelves that surround you are entirely empty and crudely painted over these empty sections in what looks like ash are crudely drawn Theta symbols, looking barely different from stylistic zeros. There is a brief flash of brown and black as a human form runs at top speed in front of you grabs a book and then disappears in the direction of the lined up solar system planets.

Your eyes follow the symbols as they repeat up the shelves to the clear roof, from which hangs a dim chandelier hanging on a static point in an infinity of darkness that has taken the place of what you expect to be stars. The roof looks out on pure nothingness that continues to keep your attention. In the darkness you see something enormous gleam with a moment of fiery red light, though it is faded and blurred with distance, a set of three interlocked snakes, a bright eye opens and it does not see you, but it is searching and for a moment a scream wells up inside you but then the light dims and there is only a brief hint of dark motion that disappears into nothingness again. You turn away from the ceiling. Perhaps it is best not to look there again.