headerStart

# Harvestlands Candidate Arrives, Trumpets Farmboy Credentials

###### Tools for your Citizen Reporting Kit

headerEnd

Ralph White aims to inspire the same confidence in you that he does in his rolling rows of wheat. At least that is what we assume we're supposed to get from the farm-focused announcement triD that has hit projectors across the country and Enclave this week. White previously administered the Texan sunfields while he was in private buisness. But he was born (as we are endlessly reminded) and has lately been governor of the Vermont Farming Tracts, making him endlessly familiar with one of the last native food supplying areas and the people who work it.

His cast made it clear that he'll be leaning on downhome metaphors and irrelevencies to try and appeal to voters, even forgoing the normal suit to show up in a full-feature cyber-harvest-suit. We're not sure how felling a hundred cornstalks in a single swing qualifies you for government but we're sure he'll be fun on a debate stage. 

We gathered a number of on-the-ground reactions to the announcement that you can find in our Virtual Space. If you'd like to join them, we have the tools here! 

You should already have a profile registered with the authorities. Once that's done and you've got the initial work under the belt, you'll likely have to register your new higher level of experience! You'll have to register the new stats that come with joining our great adventure of reporting on morons every day for the next two years.

Here's how it works:

**Add +1 to a rating** : You can mark permanent changes to a specific rating, though your profile should note a limit beyond which you can't go. Consider what each rating can do for your character and choose carefully. You can't go beyond your registered limit.

**Take another Move from those available on your profile** : Everyone's profile has a variety of moves you can make. If you're going up a level you can take one of the moves that you haven't already marked as having. 

**Take a Move from those available on another profile** : All the profiles we've supplied show what they can do under the Moves section. You can learn something new and unusual though! If you do you can take a Move that describes your new skill from any of the other profiles below, just check their Full Descriptions to think about what you'd like to do.  

**Gain an Ally/Gain a Team** : You can gain some support staff that will be registered as working with you! You may already have some people you know that you're picking out, or just putting it out there that you're recruiting and getting some folks to show up. Allies and teams work similarly, they both are organized around a single motivation, even if a team comprises of 2 to 6 people. However, members of your team may have their own motivations outside of the team's requirements. 

The motivations you can register for your new Ally/Team:

*   Subordinate (motivation: to follow your exact instructions)
*   Lieutenant (motivation: to execute the spirit of your
instructions)
*   Friend (motivation: to provide emotional support)
*   Bodyguard (motivation: to intercept danger)
*   Confidante (motivation: to give you advice and perspective)
*   Backup (motivation: to stand with you)

Ally/team members should have names registered along with
what their background is too, how they look, and any special skills
they bring.

**Register a Haven Feature** : Have you got a serious home base to operate out from? Are you intending to improve it? Then you need to add that information to your profile! Select a new haven option from the list in the Expert profile. You have added this facility to your haven.

Don’t bother trying to register a new feature if you don’t already have a haven! 

