---
title: "Nothing Remains"
author: EnclavePublic Partnership
wind: .5km/h NW
temp: 46°C
hum: 95%
aq: Ultra Red
---

headerStart
  
## "Nothing Remains"

##### EnclavePublic Partnership with contributors from The Spin, The Frame and EnclavePublic

headerEnd

Reports have leaked out of NoWest Upper that the district is nearly bare. EPD refuses to allow travel, but apparently there are a very very very few survivors. Reportedly single digits for a city area that counted hundreds of thousands.

The Spin was able to secure a line with one of the survivors who, against a lockdown order by EPD, has decided to speak with us. They verified the reports. A single building is all that remains for the broad tall city sector that housed some of the City's wealthiest. There is no clear reason why this happened, or how. No event was registered by the various public sensors and no nearby districts reported anything strange. But some started to have suspicions when no messages were coming out of the neighborhood. 

According to the reports, the entirety of NoWest Upper and the few survivors were themselves in danger of being destroyed by some sort of strange degeneration process. It is unclear if this is a weapon from across the ocean or a grey goo scenario, but apparently a group interceded and managed to stop further destruction.

pqStart

"The Enclave is perfectly safe. That's all you need to know." - Raph Edwlitelle, EPD Commissioner

pqEnd

Investigators from The Frame investigated the mids below the incident and found evidence of a very strange power system with links back to HC. Is it possible this could be an HC experiment gone terribly wrong? HC wouldn't respond to comment or attempt to explain what was reported by The Frame.

EPD has stonewalled even the most basic public investigation, while the borough council has made only mealy mouthed excuses to not really say anything relevant. It's unclear what is going on, but the citizens of The Enclave deserve to know.

*Read the rest of our in-depth report in our Virtual Space…*