---
title: "HC VP Cu Graves Found Dead, Soon After Floor 300 Peak Corner Office Explodes"
author: Wrad Marge
wind: 5km/h E
temp: 30°C
hum: 58%
aq: Green
---

headerStart

## "HC VP Cu Graves Found Dead, Soon After Floor 300 Peak Corner Office Explodes"

##### HC Spokesperson Franz Vogel Lays Blame on Labor Terrorists Before He Disappears

headerEnd

For the first time in this reporter's memory HermitageCorp seems to be off balance and not fully in control of events here in The Enclave.

First their head of PR, the popular gadfly of Enclave upper social circles, disappeared for weeks. His dead body was found atop a malfunctioning and wrecked reztower in a penthouse apparently registered to no one. EPD attempted to suppress the report of his death, but we got the leak[encsecret-coroner-report].

Then, almost immediately after, something happened up on the 300th floor of HC's HQ The Peak. An explosion large enough to be visible from walltop went off around the area of The Peak where we understand major executive offices to be.

Then, the posh asshole Franz Vogel, who lead up the press response--after giving us a paltry official statement--disappeared with no report on him or word under his letterhead for weeks. No one has seen him since.

Meanwhile, with all this going on, HC CEO John Dyer remains in a weeks long cone of silence.

pqStart

"None have voided HC's ICE for 40 years. Whatever is happening gives us who aren't HC corpo to stand up and speak out. Now's the minute to melt the walls HC programmed into the Virtual and klep back the city for ourselves." -Kit Pek, OEM organizer and housing coordinator.

pqEnd

Doubts have started to rise about HC's effectiveness in contributing their fair share to the running of The Enclave. The OEM has been contributing more to the overall day to day lives of many residents. The Walls have apparently started being repaired **without** HC's help. A benefactor who has yet to step into the light is funding serious work by the Rescue Org for Sunken Environments to repair drowned neighborhoods. A new refuge has opened for the unhoused run by the seemingly beneficent religious group The Temple of Open Doors.

The future of The Enclave seems less and less dependent on an apparently flailing HC, and perhaps that's for the best.

*Archives on rising new powers in The Enclave follows*
