headerStart

# MidsTab Revelations Continue to Flow as Volunteers join Journalists

###### Sifting through the Data Dump with your Citizen Reporting Kit

headerEnd

New information continues to flow as a coalition of journalists, archivists and volunteers categorize and read through the MidsTab dataleak. Just in the past week collaborating publications have reported on revelations about the mysterious granting of non-profit status to a number of less than credible organizations; The use of The Free Battalion against citizens by the EPD; Associations between Russian Float-based North Sea gangs and HCSec; and even a funneling away of support funds from the Wall regions. 

None of this would have been possible with just The Enclave's journalism institutions working on the project. Volunteers and collaborating organizations have been essential to reading and understanding the documents and working with vetted experts to prepare documents for release. 

"Each day brings more light on the rotten underbelly of Enclave corruption, the faster we can sort through this, the fast we can clean up city government," said Fay Barnes, reporter at The Frame and new VP of Community for the Virtual Journalists Association (VJA). 

The Spin, along with other journalistic organizations, are leading the charge to find and coordinate volunteers to work on the massive data leak. 

You should already have a journalistic profile registered with the authorities. Once that's done and you've got the initial work under the belt, you'll likely have to register your new higher level of experience! You'll have to register the new stats that come with joining our great adventure of reporting on morons every day for the next two years.

Here's how it works:

**Add +1 to a rating** : You can mark permanent changes to a specific rating, though your profile should note a limit beyond which you can't go. Consider what each rating can do for your character and choose carefully. You can't go beyond your registered limit.

**Take another Move from those available on your profile** : Everyone's profile has a variety of moves you can make. If you're going up a level you can take one of the moves that you haven't already marked as having. 

**Take a Move from those available on another profile** : All the profiles we've supplied show what they can do under the Moves section. You can learn something new and unusual though! If you do you can take a Move that describes your new skill from any of the other profiles below, just check their Full Descriptions to think about what you'd like to do.  

**Gain an Ally/Gain a Team** : You can gain some support staff that will be registered as working with you! You may already have some people you know that you're picking out, or just putting it out there that you're recruiting and getting some folks to show up. Allies and teams work similarly, they both are organized around a single motivation, even if a team comprises of 2 to 6 people. However, members of your team may have their own motivations outside of the team's requirements. 

The motivations you can register for your new Ally/Team:

*   Subordinate (motivation: to follow your exact instructions)
*   Lieutenant (motivation: to execute the spirit of your
instructions)
*   Friend (motivation: to provide emotional support)
*   Bodyguard (motivation: to intercept danger)
*   Confidante (motivation: to give you advice and perspective)
*   Backup (motivation: to stand with you)

Ally/team members should have names registered along with
what their background is too, how they look, and any special skills
they bring.

**Register a Haven Feature** : Have you got a serious home base to operate out from? Are you intending to improve it? Then you need to add that information to your profile! Select a new haven option from the list in the Expert profile. You have added this facility to your haven.

Don’t bother trying to register a new feature if you don’t already have a haven! 

