---
title: SoCentWa Explodes With HC Mercs and Flares
author: Wrad Marge
wind: 52km/h S
temp: 38°C
hum: 99%
aq: Deep Red
---

headerStart
  
## SoCentWa Explodes With HC Mercs and Flares

##### by Wrad Marge

headerEnd

Astronomers found themselves a head scratching scientific mystery this week when a flare of light from the moon surprised scientists and sky watchers the world over. It is unknown what the cause of the event was, though it was confirmed by a number of reputable labs. 

A number of areas, including The Enclave, which was experiencing night at the time of the event, were able to see the light anomaly as a pale and brief glow with bare eyes. Examinations of the event found the light came from an unmodified area of the moon, one that is, as of yet, unvisited by any nation's space programs. 

The Spin consulted with a number of moon experts, including one past astronaut from the now defunct Space Force program. None of them could say what might have caused the strange light and all confirmed that they knew of no tech emplaced at that location. 

When we pushed on possible speculation only a few were willing to put their early ideas on the record, but there were some early ideas. 

"This sort of light flare could be the interaction of a solor flare at the right position to reflect off the moon and towards Earth, it would only become more visible with this month's low air quality," said Professor Amy Monroe, astrometry chair at Enclave University.

Considering Upper Core projectionist shenanigans a number of experts referred us to HC, speculating that this was not a scientific phenomenon but a complex viral stunt. But it's hard to see how such an act would be legal.

"Any technology, mission or act that interferes with lunar concerns outside of a transparent and publicly-listed mission would be a severe violation of the Artemis Accords," sent Yusuf Mathis, Milliary Liaison for the Northeast Floodplain Regions and Floats via OffChan VM. "The entire region saw this event, whatever it was, and it would mean severe consequences for whomever was responsible."

pqStart

"HC does not have a marketing campaign on the moon." - HC Spokesperson Cu Graves

pqEnd

Is this a violation of the Artemis Accords? What do the Accords even mean when Upper Earth Orbit has been the limit of space missions for the last twenty years and almost half of the signatories no longer exist as states? 

*Read the rest of our in-depth report in our Virtual Space...*