---
title: Cypressmont Flooding Stopped at Last Minute
author: Fionn Ulster
wind: 52km/h S
temp: 36°C
hum: 90%
aq: Red
---

headerStart
  
## Cypressmont Flooding Stopped at Last Minute

##### by Fionn Ulster

headerEnd

Alarms rang in the offices of the Suburban Coalition Council at 3pm on March 27th. By all indications disaster was about to strike, one of the suburban island communities was about to destroyed.

The Council collects taxes from the suburban island communities that sit upstream of The Enclave and in exchange help to fund and run the larger projects that no single isle could handle on its own. One of those projects has been a co-development opportunity with a GMO-focused HermitageCorp subsidiary that would drain the area below water level near Cypressmont in order to turn it into farmland to make the loose coalition of communities more self sufficient. HC worked to build out a wall similar to the one that surrounds The Enclave that helped drain and dry the area. It also built a command and maintenance center for SCC at their headquarters in Kers which has allowed the Isles to work in their own benefit to help maintain and run the operation. 

But on Tuesday of last week, what had been a low-sakes self-improvement project for the island suburb, known by the uprooted trees that wash up on its shores, it looked like the project was about to backfire terribly. The system that allowed the wall to bend and move with the surrounding water, dependent on copy-protected encrypted blackbox software from HC and an underwater power cable running direct from HC Tower, was failing. At any minute, it appeared that the wall would fail and the entire suburb would be flooded and destroyed with the force of the held-back water. 

pqStart

"We had no idea we were on the edge of being washed away" - Paisley Lloyd, local baker.

pqEnd

Less than an hour after the alert began, it ended. The system reset itself and the wall stabilized. Everything was back to normal. None of the residents had the time to realize their lives and town had almost been demolished due to a software malfunction. Officials from HC, who supplied the program, stated that there was nothing to be alarmed about, the system had worked as intended. 

"Our flood-barrier suite of technology is the best tested and best built of all the applications we provide, as we are well aware lives depend on it in the suburbs and indeed in The Enclave. The glitch experienced by the SCC was an adaptive algorithm attempting to adjust for some weather changes and our system supervisors immediately corrected the issue, which happened quickly because any decision made by the system gets checked by humans."

The island's representative Sheri MacLaughlin, was unavailable to comment, either through her office or the Suburban Coalition. 

*Read the rest of our in-depth report in our Virtual Space...*