---
title: "Power Returns to the Enclave's Walls"
author: Alena Osipova
wind: 10km/h NW
temp: 37°C
hum: 70%
aq: Yellow
---

headerStart
  
## "Power Returns to the Enclave's Walls"

##### Ongoing Flooding in the Wall regions seemingly pauses, but is it a temporary cessation or an end to the outages of service to Wall filtering systems?

headerEnd

For quite a while now, assessments of the Enclave's lower walls have indicated that they were losing power and efficiency. This has been one of the major reasons we've seen some Wally sectors flood.  

While the walls are powered through systems provided to the Enclave by HC, the corporation's leadership could not provide any explanation as to why the failures and power outages were occurring. 

However, some time early this morning, increased power levels have been restored to the Walls of the Enclave, restoring flood-water processing, and various active defense systems that keep the City's Wall regions dry and un-flooded. 

With refugees from SoWeWall the South Central wall district has been overwhelmed and under-resourced.

pqStart

"That we still have no indication why almost all the Western wall regions flooded is a terrifying prospect to those in the under-resourced camps in South Central Wall's streets. However, at least we can rest easy for now." - Alyssa Thomson, borough council candidate, OEM.

pqEnd

The restoration of active flood defenses to the whole Enclave means that no further sectors will be subject to flooding. Auto repair systems have been making safe those walls in WeNo and SoCent that were in danger of failing. 

Representatives from the flooded districts are still calling on aid from the city in returning their constituents to their homes. 

Work with the Rescue Organization for Sunken Environments has continued to secure more humane conditions for those left in camps after having to evacuate in the face of flooding. 