headerStart

### FAIR FIVE 

#### Five at a time the Enclave turns

headerEnd


**LU Gains Affordable Housing Concessions from EastNoUpper |** The Free Battalion can no longer serve as strike-breakers. As a result battles with ColCorp and the EPD have turned in favor of The Laborers Union, who has been bolstered by the OEM and additional support provided by the Temple of Open Doors. As a result LU organizers have successfully secured housing concessions from ColCorp HR, making them the first to acquire corp-funded housing on the Upper levels. EastNoUpper apartments were aquired by ColCorp and are administered by the Enclave Housing and Rental Board. 

**WeNoMidsCity Stands Still After Bombs Close Major Streets |** Bombs have shaken WeNorthMids-city closing down huge swaths of the streets. No one has been hurt, yet. The source or reason of the detonations is still unknown. 

**New Religion Gains Recognition, Secures Underground Refugee Center |** The Temple of Open Doors has resolved its conflict with the EPD over taking up residence in the Floodzone under Central. The group has secured a promise that they will be left alone, in part on the strength of their numbers in the area, but also thanks to last minute bargaining where support by OEM helped them gain tax exempt status. 

**OEM Rises (Literally) |** In the Central Mids the Open Enclave Movement have continued to gain power from the bottom of the region to the top. For the first time in Enclave history the SoCent stack has candidates nominated successfully for the upcoming runoff election that identity in the same party for all three neighborhoods. Whether the OEM can win SoCentUpper is yet to be seen, but it is impressive they've even managed a chance.  

**NorthWest Enclave is Mobbed |** Northwest Enclave regions have increasingly seen movement from organized crime. WeNo now has reports of crime figures in almost every level of borough organization, almost all from local "social clubs" who seem to have mostly defeated their Russia-based rivals in that area. 