headerStart

# MidsTab coalition looking for workers to sort through bid data dump

###### Put your Citizen Reporting Kit to use

headerEnd

The recent massive data leak from the MidsCity commtainment center has given the publications of The Enclave a massive amount of data that could contain information very relevant to current events. But we need help. The Enclave Archivists Association and FloatCity (a non-profit dedicated to preserving post-flood works) have joined together with the Enclave chapter of Virtuals Journalists Association to fund positions to help sort through and further research the data.

"Decoding the MidsTab dataset is going to be one of the most important things we can do for our community and the improvement of The Enclave" said lead volunteer and Thwip starlet Ivy Hall.

Any community member interested should contact us for more information and, if you do not already have a registered journalist profile, we'll help you get one and pay the fees. 

You should already have a journalistic profile registered with the authorities. Once that's done and you've got the initial work under the belt, you'll likely have to register your new higher level of experience!

Here's how it works:

**Add +1 to a rating** : You can mark permanent changes to a specific rating, though your profile should note a limit beyond which you can't go. Consider what each rating can do for your character and choose carefully. You can't go beyond your registered limit.

**Take another Move from those available on your profile** : Everyone's profile has a variety of moves you can make. If you're going up a level you can take one of the moves that you haven't already marked as having. 

**Take a Move from those available on another profile** : All the profiles we've supplied show what they can do under the Moves section. You can learn something new and unusual though! If you do you can take a Move that describes your new skill from any of the other profiles below, just check their Full Descriptions to think about what you'd like to do.  

**Gain an Ally/Gain a Team** : You can gain some support staff that will be registered as working with you! You may already have some people you know that you're picking out, or just putting it out there that you're recruiting and getting some folks to show up. Allies and teams work similarly, they both are organized around a single motivation, even if a team comprises of 2 to 6 people. However, members of your team may have their own motivations outside of the team's requirements. 

The motivations you can register for your new Ally/Team:

*   Subordinate (motivation: to follow your exact instructions)
*   Lieutenant (motivation: to execute the spirit of your
instructions)
*   Friend (motivation: to provide emotional support)
*   Bodyguard (motivation: to intercept danger)
*   Confidante (motivation: to give you advice and perspective)
*   Backup (motivation: to stand with you)

Ally/team members should have names registered along with
what their background is too, how they look, and any special skills
they bring.

**Register a Haven Feature** : Have you got a serious home base to operate out from? Are you intending to improve it? Then you need to add that information to your profile! Select a new haven option from the list in the Expert profile. You have added this facility to your haven.

Don’t bother trying to register a new feature if you don’t already have a haven! 

