headerStart

# STABLE Controls Fail Minority Candidates

###### Tools for your Citizen Reporting Kit

headerEnd

Independent Candidate Raster Clyde represents voices concerned about the impacts of decreasing cross-state travel in the Flooded States. Or at least they were supposed to. But Clyde, even after having passed the required federal certifications and signatures, is being outspent by almost 20 dollars to every 1. 

The Superior Tools for Americans Beset by electoraL Emergency (STABLE) act was supposed to guarantee matching funding for every presidential candidate. But last minute undercutting of the 2045 bill limited the bank it had available for funds and removed specific conditional spending limits. As a result, Clyde--along with a number of other candidates who have gained the required support--are simply unable to match spending with comparative but significantly more wealthy candidates and are falling behind in the polls as a result, with the election moving more and more in favor of the wealthy. 

As non-wealthy journalists, we can barely keep up with the travels and travails of the ultra-wealthy candidates who are isle hoping around the country! But with your help we can keep a local eye on candidates everywhere! We continually are looking for citizens who are willing to write on our pages and in our VR space.

If you'd like to help us catch the candidates between boat stops, we have the tools here!

You should already have a journalistic profile registered with the authorities. Once that's done and you've got the initial work under the belt, you'll likely have to register your new higher level of experience! You'll have to register the new stats that come with joining our great adventure of reporting on morons every day for the next two years.

Here's how it works:

**Add +1 to a rating** : You can mark permanent changes to a specific rating, though your profile should note a limit beyond which you can't go. Consider what each rating can do for your character and choose carefully. You can't go beyond your registered limit.

**Take another Move from those available on your profile** : Everyone's profile has a variety of moves you can make. If you're going up a level you can take one of the moves that you haven't already marked as having. 

**Take a Move from those available on another profile** : All the profiles we've supplied show what they can do under the Moves section. You can learn something new and unusual though! If you do you can take a Move that describes your new skill from any of the other profiles below, just check their Full Descriptions to think about what you'd like to do.  

**Gain an Ally/Gain a Team** : You can gain some support staff that will be registered as working with you! You may already have some people you know that you're picking out, or just putting it out there that you're recruiting and getting some folks to show up. Allies and teams work similarly, they both are organized around a single motivation, even if a team comprises of 2 to 6 people. However, members of your team may have their own motivations outside of the team's requirements. 

The motivations you can register for your new Ally/Team:

*   Subordinate (motivation: to follow your exact instructions)
*   Lieutenant (motivation: to execute the spirit of your
instructions)
*   Friend (motivation: to provide emotional support)
*   Bodyguard (motivation: to intercept danger)
*   Confidante (motivation: to give you advice and perspective)
*   Backup (motivation: to stand with you)

Ally/team members should have names registered along with
what their background is too, how they look, and any special skills
they bring.

**Register a Haven Feature** : Have you got a serious home base to operate out from? Are you intending to improve it? Then you need to add that information to your profile! Select a new haven option from the list in the Expert profile. You have added this facility to your haven.

Don’t bother trying to register a new feature if you don’t already have a haven! 

