---
title: "The Weird, The Virtual, and the ColCorp Brainwash"
author: Wrad Marge
wind: 60km/h E
temp: 32°C
hum: 25%
aq: Green
---

headerStart

## The Weird, The Virtual, and the ColCorp Brainwash

##### The Spin's fearless Marge reports on what the elite hold over us, and what we can do about it.

headerEnd

When I started to report on The Enclave it was hard not to see it as pure opportunity, a city of dreams, a place where we were safe in a world struggling to stay above The Sink. But The Enclave has been poisoned from the beginning by greed and misinformation, starting from the literal top: HC's corpo execs. 

While the Enclave's foundations have been left to rot, the rarefied air at the top of The Peak has been breathed in by an ever more disconnected set of corpo leaders. Now the worst of them all has abandoned us to HC's modern Virt and told us to be happy with the dead mall they own as our online home, and the wrecked and dark Wall boroughs they leave the majority of the workers to. 

Economic inequality, bad leadership, these seemed like things that we could take on. But not only have entire districts drowned--violating one of The Enclave's greatest promises--but people are dying and disappearing in ever greater numbers.

This year I've dug deeper and deeper into the problem, the comas, the strange overpowered criminals, the neglect and more. The Enclave has never been a perfect place, but it was once a far safer one. You've read along with me as we've dug into new and old politics, and all the corners and crannies that evil--and I do mean evil--hides inside in this city. 

What I have to report to you in today's column is going to seem unbelievable. But it is the truth. I have interviews with 20 different ColCorp employees who encountered a strange being in The Virtual and were rendered into comas by HC, only to come out with weird and magical abilities. I have dozens of ColCorp employees on the record talking about a mysterious hypnosis effect that pulled them off the line when they were trying to protest for better treatment. I have videos and data that includes inexplicable scientific measurement. Follow along and it is all available to you now, being shared with the Enclave's universities who are at as much of a loss to explain it. 

I have that explanation for you now though. I have encountered people who have come from another place, their descendants, and witnessed for myself their weird abilities. It is the truth. 

More than that though, I have definitive proof, backed up across the world and available to be chipped from any nearby repository, that the comas and disappearances are a plot by HC's John Dyer against the citizens of The Enclave. To what end, I'm not sure, but the wires lead to his fingers. 

We are in danger. But the power that Dyer and his ilk hold over us isn't only theirs. As the 20 people I interviewed who developed Weird abilities can attest to, these powers may be available to all of us. We can use them to fight back. 

*Story continues on flatsite onionpage and in data torrents - click here to continue*
